Ah, truly, what a wonderful world
And so, once again today, my own unsightliness confuses me
And yet, this feeling of wanting to be loved by another
Is what makes me suffer
Ugly, honestly, my face is as if
God drew it with his left hand
Inevitably, all the love songs this world has to offer
Certainly not a single one is written for me
Kisses I can’t use, pity cast upon me
Protecting my body is scar of spangles
Enough to make me unlovable
Dazzlingly
I shine and swallow the dark of the night
Rap Tap Tap Tap
Now, watch this love
1mg of fireworks sting my eyes
Drag on Drag on
How funny, this world is bizarre
Gira Gira Gira Gira
Even to the Buddha in his enlightenment I remain unknown
It seems like I’ve surely gone insane
Is it the world at fault or is it me?
Co-existing was impossible from the start
How sad would I be if I were just an imitation, so I just ran with all I had
Before the heavy acid rain washes it away
I hold my fluorescent scar dearly
Blazing,
I am a wolf of the night spewing fire
Rap Tap Tap Tap
Stay there and watch this dance
Be strong with your own unique makeup (weapon)
Flap up Flap up
Suddenly, anxiety strikes
Loneliness is my gasoline, As I run through this abject town
Close your eyes. Are you ready? Are you ready?
If God was left handed, I can’t imagine how happy I would be
Dazzlingly
I shine and swallow the dark of the night,
Rap Tap Tap Tap
Now, watch this love
1mg of fireworks sting my eyes
Drag on Drag on
How funny, this world is bizarre
Gira Gira Gira Gira
Give love, the flowers will bloom (Gira gira)
I can’t stay the way I am, no one can
What a wonderful world!
I will shine on